Hero Component Variant (#616)
microsoft/atlas-design: .changeset/honest-masks-end.md

---
'@microsoft/atlas-site': patch
---

> Added documentation for the `.hero-with-details` hero component variant.

Reviewer: Class name wasn't updated when the classes were?

> Added the new html structures and classes for the `hero-with-details` variant for the hero component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added documentation for the `.hero-with-details` hero component variant.
```
